---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-21T21:51:37.938Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-21T21:31:38.742Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-21-785cf990-35fc-4d8c-9635-d694facdc861.md
published: true
url: 785cf990-35fc-4d8c-9635-d694facdc861/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Why True Quit?

### Gain A Clear Understanding Of The Problem Of Quitting

The reason why many smokers have failed in their attempts to quit is because they have not clearly understood the problems of quitting.

_You have little chance of solving a problem if you don't understand it._

In fact most quitting strategies offer incomplete solutions because they are based on an incomplete understanding of the problem of quitting.

True Quit will show you that there are only two problems to be solved to quit smoking.

### Reduce Physical Cravings

Imagine if you could stop smoking and have no physical cravings or reduce them to a level where you did not need to use willpower. With True Quit this is a reality. You no longer need to suffer physical cravings or use willpower to resist them when you quit.

### Understand Mental Cravings

The key to dealing with mental cravings is to first understand what they actually are. Once you understand them, you will quickly see that there is a surprisingly easy way to handle them. The True Quit Method will give you this powerful understanding and show you how to handle the mental cravings without the need to resist them with willpower.

### Learn How To Make Mental Cravings Disappear

Once you understand what mental cravings really are and how they are generated, you will be able to learn a simple technique that makes the mental urge disappear each time it occurs. This technique does not rely on willpower and does not require a special ability. You can learn it and start using it on the same day.

### Access Tailored Support

True Quit provides a full support program. From day one you will have your own dedicated support person, who you can call for support. As the True Quit Program is a step by step approach to quitting, your support person will be able to understand what you are experiencing any stage along the way, and how best to keep you on track.

In addition, you will receive support emails filled with useful tips, and have membership to the True Quit online support, where you can download podcasts and view support videos whenever you need it.