---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-21T21:52:07.091Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-21T21:31:17.336Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-21-9515c299-e258-44f8-8492-6ecf8d78edd2.md
published: true
url: 9515c299-e258-44f8-8492-6ecf8d78edd2/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Myths About Quitting

### Myth 1: Quitting is Hard

As the saying goes,_"It's easy when you know how."_When it comes to quitting smoking the opposite is also true. It's only hard when you don't know how!

People find it hard to quit when they are relying on willpower, and enduring the discomfort of cravings. Imagine what it would be like if the cravings were reduced to the point where you didn't need to use willpower or where cravings were no longer a problem.

With True Quit we have a way to do just this. We can reduce cravings so quitting is not hard!

### Myth 2: I Will Have To Change My Routine

People who are thinking of quitting often ask the following question:

_"Will I have to stop doing the things that I normally associate with smoking, like having a beer, wine or that first cup of coffee in the morning?"_

The answer is, "No." To understand this, you need to know what causes you to smoke. You will then realise that events that are associated with smoking don't cause you to smoke. So you won't need to eliminate these events from your life or change your routine to successfully quit.

### Myth 3: I Will have To Endure Endless Cravings

There are two types of cravings and each can be reduced and even eliminated through the True Quit Method. You won't have to endure endless cravings because they can be reduced quickly. So quitting is more likely to be easier than you think.

### Myth 4: The Longer I've Smoked, The Harder It Is To Quit

In our experience the number of years that a person has smoked does not necessarily mean that they will find it harder to quit. Usually someone who has smoked for many years will think that it is going to be harder to quit because they can't imagine what it would be like not to smoke, simply because they can't remember life without smoking. The actual reality is often surprisingly different. Regardless of how long you have smoked, the same problems of quitting arise, and can be solved with the same solutions.

### Myth 5: The More Cigarettes I Smoke, The Harder It Is To Quit

Whether it's one pack per week or one pack (or more) per day, the problems of quitting are the same and the solutions are also the same.

### Myth 6: I Have To Be Ready To Quit.

People often say that they_"need to be ready "_to quit. This feeling is usually based upon an assumption that quitting is going to be hard, so you believe you have to be ready for a difficult struggle. In our experience with the True Quit Method, you only need to be ready to spend a little time to understand the method and then follow the instructions; instructions that are not hard and don't require willpower.